My name is Tina and I'm a
software engineer at Google.
As a software engineer,
I work on an internal tool
that serves the
security engineers
and network engineers at Google.
Network security is
important because we
want to make sure that
our network systems are
safe and resilient to be able
to defend against
malicious hackers,
and that we have the ability
to protect our user data.
Working with network
security allows to see
the overview of the whole
company's network systems,
which is super cool.
My favorite part of my
job is the impact I get
to have on the community
that I serve at Google.
I would say most of my day
is a lot of coding, design,
talking to security teams
and network teams on
their priorities
and their blockers
and being able to come
up with a solution.
There are often going to be
requests that come
from network teams and
security teams that have
specific requirements on
certain platforms or on
a feature that they need in
one of the network policies,
and usually we
would escalate that
and try to work on
a fix for that.
One piece of advice I would give
for someone who wants to take on
the cybersecurity
journey is to be able to
always keep learning and be
curious about how things work.
Because security is an
ever changing field,
cybersecurity is
definitely a team sport.
Everybody has something
to contribute,
and especially on
cybersecurity problems,
there can be a lot
of possibilities
and a lot of different
solutions to one problem.
It's always great to be able
to have people to
brainstorm with and to
track down issues
together because things
can get very complex sometimes,
but it's also a
fun process to be
able to work on things together.